All right guys so in the last video we started the about page.
So now we're gonna move on to the progress section of the about page which goes underneath this info
section.
So let's go to the about each team L and go down below the last section we'll say Section B which is
the progress bars.
So this is basically like level of skill for four different technologies or topics whatever it may be.
So let's do section we'll call this about Dash B.
And I want this to have a dark background so I'm going to add the class of BGP dash dark and P Y dash
three.
OK.
So it's 2 class Container and H 2 with the class of Section dash title.
Let's say technical
skills.
And we're gonna do that our bottom line
ups go under that need that.
OK.
So each progress bar we're gonna have an H four for each skill label so let's say photography do photography.
COHEN And then under the H for let's do a class of progress.
Now within this progress correct class we're gonna have a div and I'm actually gonna use inline style
here because we need to set the width OK.
So the style is gonna be basically how how full the progress bar is going to be I'm going to say for
this it's gonna be 100 percent.
So hundred percent full for photography.
Now let's copy the H for along with the div here and let's do two three four five six.
So the next one after photography let's do Adobe Photoshop and for that let's do 80 percent OK and then
for this one let's do Adobe Illustrator
and of course you can change these up I just basically just thought of these randomly.
So it's to 70 percent and then let's do HD him now and see SS Let's do 100 percent for that let's do
WordPress.
So WordPress will say 80 percent and then let's do Magento which is an e-commerce platform and we'll
do 70 percent.
Okay.
So if we were to take a look at this you'll see that we just have we have a dark background and we just
have each label.
So let's go into our main dot SPSS and it's up to you you could use the progress bar as I guess could
be utility if you wanted to use them other places.
But I'm just going to I don't plan on using them anywhere else so I'm just gonna put them in the about
Dash B section so I'm going to go under the dash a here which ends right here say about B or label this
one as well
so we'll do Ampersand dash B and then we want the progress class and I'm going to set the overflow to
hidden so that it stays contained and let's set a height of twenty pixels and then the background is
the background is gonna be the medium color which is a gray.
Now the div inside of it with the style with the percentage with the width with the percentage is going
to be the main color.
However the empty progress bar is going to be the medium color.
OK.
And then I just want rounded edges so I'm gonna do a border radius of five pixels and then let's do
a margin bottom just to push them down.
So we'll do zero point three ram.
OK.
Now we want to focus on the div inside.
So we want to be within the progress style here and then add in our div.
OK.
So this number this is the one with the the style with the width we want the height of this to be 100
percent.
So it fills up you know vertically and I'm going to set the color to whites in case we put any text
in there and let's do a text align center and then we want to set the background color which will actually
be the color of the progress.
So going to set that to the main color.
All right.
So we'll save that.
We'll take a look and there we go.
So that looks pretty good.
Let's add a little more to the margin bottom.
I'll do like six zero point six.
Push it down a little more.
And that's how we can create progress bars.
So pretty easy you see these and you know frameworks like bootstrap and stuff but they're actually pretty
easy to create on your own.
So the next part of the about page is going to be the the logos.
So it's work on that.
We're gonna go back to about each team I'll close this up in that I don't think we have any more utilities
but we'll come back to it if we do.
So under this section we just did let's say section and this is gonna be section C logos.
So basically like you know what logos of like the technologies that this person has worked with stuff
like that you know.
So we're gonna do section let's do an idea of about C and let's do a p y for class for padding and I
want a big light background.
Okay.
And then we'll do a container and let's do a div with the class of about Dash logos which we're gonna
use the grid for and then we just want our images.
So this is gonna be image slash and then they're in their own folder called about logos.
And we're gonna grab the invitro logo and then let's paste this down.
Copy this down four times.
Next one is gonna be WordPress.
Next one is will commerce which is a WordPress plugin for e-commerce and then Magento.
All right.
So that's our logos and if we take a look at it they're just going to be giant.
They're going to fill up the whole section.
So let's go into our CSX and we want to work on see.
So let's go outside of dash B
so we'll do Ampersand dash C and let's grab the about logos.
Let's use a grid
and let's set the grid template columns.
We have four.
So we're gonna do a repeat four times one fraction and let's add a grid gap of 2 REM and then the image
and take the image and set a width of 70 because one hundred is a little too too much.
So we'll do width of 70 and if we take a look there we go it looks pretty clean.
So next section is going to be the testimonials here.
So let's add those.
So go back and go to about say Section D
testimonials
to a boat.
Dash D as far as classes I'm just going to do a p y dash for and to a container.
I know this is very repetitive guys but it's good because you'll get it in your head.
You know at least if you want to lay stuff out like this which is what I would recommend having just
separate sections you know using utility classes and so on.
So let's do H 2 with a class of Section dash title and testimonials and we'll do our bottom line
and let's do a paragraph with the class of lead.
And I also want this centered
so let's say take a look at what my clients say.
All right.
And then underneath that we'll have our class of testimonials which will be a grid.
So we'll have divs and just a paragraph we'll do like lower I'm 30 and underneath that underneath the
paragraph I'm going to put a well on unordered list and we're gonna put an ally with an image.
So this is gonna go image slash testimonials Slash.
And then this is person 1 dot j peg guy and then I'm going to copy this div and we have four testimonials
so two three four and we're just going to simply change the name in the image.
So this will be person to person three person four.
All right.
Actually you know what I forgot is the names so we also want a list item with the names.
So for the first one here let's say
Sam Smith and we'll say location just say New York and let's go here.
Let's say Sarah Williams a Michigan
jail.
Johnson
London
and to Steve.
Steve Thompson
and let's say Boston.
OK so if we look at this without styling it doesn't look very good.
So let's go ahead and jump into Maine dot SPSS and we're gonna start to work on the D sections so go
right under here
so Ampersand dash T.
And we're gonna grab the testimonials Okay so testimonials is gonna be a grid
and let's do a grid template columns again for columns
grid gap zero point five REM.
Now let's style the usual.
So we want to make sure there's no bullets.
So list style none.
And let's do a margin top of one RAM just to push it down a little bit.
I'm going to display it as flex and lets a line items to the center.
OK.
Now for the paragraph
C for the paragraph inside testimonials I'm actually going to put a border around the whole thing so
one pixel solid and let's use the medium color.
Let's give it some rounded corners so do five pixels and then let's do some padding.
Padding will do zero point five Ram.
And then the image obviously the images are giant so we're gonna say with two fifty pixels we want these
really small height 50 pixels.
Let's do a border let's make him circles so we'll do border radius 50 percent and let's do it.
Move over a little bit.
So margin right we'll do zero point five.
That's it.
Take a look.
Let's see that's not right.
Looks like the grid messed up.
What did they do.
Oh I forgot got repeat.
There we go.
So I think this page looks pretty clean.
Looks nice.
So that's that's it for the about page.
Next thing we're going to work on is the work page where we have all those.
The transition effect and all that stuff.
So there's some pretty crazy CSI s involved in that.
So we're going to start on that in the next video.